## Strong-D Activity Prediction
TODO: abstract

### End-to-End Example
For an end-to-end example usage of the scripts in this activity prediction project, see `dummy_benchmark.ipynb`.

* This covers everything from generating a dummy data set to creating features, training the random forest classifier, and evaluating the results on the dummy test set.
* While this notebook serves as a great usage example, its most important purpose is to show that all the scripts in this project work as expected on the type of dummy data generated in the notebook.

### Scripts
The scripts in this directory should be used in the following order:

1. `splitting.py`: 
    * Usage: `python splitting.py`
    * For more details, see the global variables and documentation in this file.
2. `training.py`
    * Example usage: `python training.py --merged_features_path preprocessing/features/merged/all_rolling_window=10min.pickle --save_path results/gridsearch_all_rolling_window=10min.pickle`
    * Make sure that the folder in `save_path` (i.e. `results` in the example above) already exists.

### Other Files
`train_test_participants.json`: contains the train-test split of participant IDs such that 20% of the participants are in the test set.
* The participant split was generated by `preprocessing/splitting.py`, which splits _after_ removing participants whose Fitbit data don't join with any labels and participants who have the "combined" label.

### Nested Directories
`preprocessing`: contains scripts for data cleaning and feature engineering. See the README in this directory for more details.